Add note about frequent RTT estimates (#2340)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-recovery.md

If the result is smaller than the min_rtt, the RTT should be used, but the
ack delay field should be ignored.

A sender calculates both smoothed RTT and RTT variance similar to those
specified in {{?RFC6298}}, see {{on-ack-received}}.

> A sender will commonly receive ACK frames that acknowledge larger packet numbers

Reviewer: Please add text on why this is relevant.  Suggestion "that increase largest acked and therefore generate an RTT sample."

Author: I've taken your suggestion but rephrased to avoid a run-on sentence.

> than before.  A sender might therefore take multiple samples per RTT (see

Reviewer: Suggestion: replace "A sender..." on with: "When multiple samples are generated within an RTT, the smoothed RTT may retain inadequate RTT history, as suggested in {{?RFC6298}}.  Utilizing multiple RTT samples per RTT in smoothed RTT and RTT variance in a different way is currently an open research question."

If the result is smaller than the min_rtt, the RTT should be used, but the
ack delay field should be ignored.

A sender calculates both smoothed RTT and RTT variance similar to those
specified in {{?RFC6298}}, see {{on-ack-received}}.

> A sender might take multiple samples per RTT because ACK frames that are

Reviewer: Suggestion: "A sender will take multiple samples per RTT when ACK frames are received within an RTT that acknowledge larger packet numbers than before("

Reviewer 2: A sender will take multiple samples per RTT.  RTT samples are taken when the largest acknowledged packet number is increased by an acknowledgment (see).

Like TCP, QUIC calculates both smoothed RTT and RTT variance similar to those
specified in {{?RFC6298}}.

> A sender might take multiple samples per RTT, and as suggested in {{?RFC6298}},

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Taking a sample from every ACK with a larger largest acked is likely to cause a sender to take multiple samples per RTT, and as suggested in {{?RFC6298}},
```

Author: I've rephrased, take a look

Reviewer: I really am not in love with the "A sender might" start.
